Rewrote Smol Hardware Reciever chapter to better order info and include wifi antenna mod (#371)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: src/diy/smol-slimes/smol-hardware.md

It is essential you use boards equipped with high-quality antennas to ensure signal integrity and range. Hardware that features a PCB antenna is generally the best option for use as a receiver.

### 📡 Receiver Options Ordered By Signal Strength 

<a href="#NordicDongle">Nordic Semiconductor nRF52840 Dongle</a>, <a href="#XIAOAsDongle">Seeed Studio XIAO nRF52840</a> are not included due to lack of data.

> 1. <a href="#HolyIOT">HolyIOT-21017</a>: Highest performance for highest price. Reported to have significantly higher signal strength than other options due to included amplifier.
> 2. <a href="#third-option-wifi-antenna-mod">SuperMini nRF52840 with wi-fi antenna mod</a>: Go-to option. Best price to performance ratio. 
> 3. <a href="#second-option-wire-mod">SuperMini nRF52840 with wire antenna mod</a>
> 4. <a href="#eByteDongle">eByte Dongle (E104-BT5040U)</a>: Starts to have issues on distance of 3m, especially when interfered by body parts.
> 5. <a href="#first-option-unmodified-board">SuperMini nRF52840 unmodified</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. <a href="#HolyIOT">HolyIOT-21017</a>: Highest performance for highest price. Reported to have significantly higher signal strength than other options due to included amplifier.
2. <a href="#third-option-wifi-antenna-mod">SuperMini nRF52840 with Wi-Fi Antenna Mod</a>: Recommended go-to option. Offers the best price-to-performance ratio.
3. <a href="#second-option-wire-mod">SuperMini nRF52840 with Wire Antenna Mod</a>
4. <a href="#eByteDongle">eByte Dongle (E104-BT5040U)</a>: Signal starts to degrade at distances over 3 meters, especially when obstructed by body parts.
5. <a href="#first-option-unmodified-board">SuperMini nRF52840 (Unmodified)</a>
```

### 📡 Microcontrollers Modified Into USB Dongles

> #### First Option: Unmodified Board
> 
> Consist of <a href="#SuperMini">SuperMini nRF52840</a> or <a href="#XIAO">Seeed Studio XIAO nRF52840</a>. 
> 
> Not recommended due to ease of upgrade to next variant.
> 
> #### Second Option: Wire Mod
> 
> Consist of <a href="#SuperMini">SuperMini nRF52840</a> or <a href="#XIAO">Seeed Studio XIAO nRF52840</a> with a 31.2 mm wire soldered to antenna. This creates a basic monopole antenna.
> 
> Refer to <a href="./smol-schematics.md">Smol Schematics -> Antenna extra option</a> for placce where to solder one end of wire.
> 
> #### Components
> 
> ##### Wire Options
> 
> - Copper wire e.g. 23AWG solid core with isolation, 26AWG 23AWG solid core with isolation
> - Wire can be sourced from cheap ethernet cable.
> 
> #### Third Option: WiFi Antenna Mod
> 
> Consist of <a href="#SuperMini">SuperMini nRF52840</a> or <a href="#XIAO">Seeed Studio XIAO nRF52840</a> with WiFi antenna soldered to board.
> 
> Refer to <a href="./smol-schematics.md">Smol Schematics -> Antenna extra option</a> for place where IPEX do SMA has to be soldered.
> 
> ##### Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Option 1: Unmodified Board

Consist of <a href="#SuperMini">SuperMini nRF52840</a> or <a href="#XIAO">Seeed Studio XIAO nRF52840</a>. 

⚠️ Not recommended due to the simplicity of upgrading to a modified version.

#### Option 2: Wire Antenna Mod

Consist of a <a href="#SuperMini">SuperMini nRF52840</a> or <a href="#XIAO">Seeed Studio XIAO nRF52840</a> attached with a 31.2 mm wire to the antenna pin to form a basic monopole antenna.

Refer to <a href="./smol-schematics.md">Smol Schematics -> Antenna extra option</a> for the solder point location.

##### Wire Options

- Solid core copper wire (e.g., 23-26 AWG).
- Wire salvaged from an Ethernet cable.

#### Option 3: Wi-Fi Antenna Mod

Consist of a <a href="#SuperMini">SuperMini nRF52840</a> or <a href="#XIAO">Seeed Studio XIAO nRF52840</a> attached with a Wi-Fi antenna.

Refer to <a href="./smol-schematics.md">Smol Schematics -> Antenna extra option</a> for the area to remove and solder the IPEX or SMA connector.

##### Components
```

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>

>       <th>Image</th>
>       <th>Listing Name</th>
>       <th>Notes</th>
>       <th>Listing Variant</th>
>       <th>Listing Link</th>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <th>Image</th>
      <th>Listing</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
      <th>Variant</th>
      <th>Link</th>
```

    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img

>           src="assets\smol-hardware\wifi antenna.webp"

Reviewer: Don't use spaces in filenames if possible. Mao~!

          loading="lazy"
        />
      </td>
      <td>
        2PCS Mini Rubber 3dBi 2.4ghz WIFI Antenna SMA Male Router Bluetooth Antennas Wireless Module 2.4g Antena External Aerial
      </td>
      <td>

>          Current Best WiFi Antenna According To Lyall Tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Best tested performance (based on Lyall’s tests)
```

      </td>
      <td>
        Color: B
      </td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>

>             <a href="https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005006686310444.html">Aliexpress</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <a href="https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005006686310444.html">AliExpress</a>
```

          </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img

>           src="assets\smol-hardware\wifi antenna adapter.webp"

Reviewer: Don't use spaces in filenames if possible. Mao~!

          loading="lazy"
        />
      </td>
      <td>
        IPX to SMA RF Coax Adapter Assembly Pigtail Cable,SMA Connector Cable Female to UFL
      </td>
      <td>

>          Any IPEX do SMA cable should do.
>          <br/>
>          On image marked area that need to be removed to be soldered to board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Any IPEX do SMA cable should do.
         <br/>
         Cut cable at marked location on the image.
```

      </td>
      <td>

>         Shortest should do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Shorter cables preferred.
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>

>             <a href="https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32896039259.html">Aliexpress</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <a href="https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32896039259.html">AliExpress</a>
```
